Content metadata support on chromecast (#30)
bitmovin/bitmovin-player-analytics-conviva: README.md

 
### Advanced Usage

#### Chromecast support

_If you are not familiar with how to add chromecast support we suggest to look at our [public sample](https://github.com/bitmovin/bitmovin-player-web-samples/tree/master/castReceiver) first._

If you would like to add the conviva integration to your chromecast you can have a look at our [custom receiver app example](./example/chromecast/receiverApp.html) with conviva integration.

> As the player itself does not notify listeners on the receiver app itself if the session will be stopped you need to add a listener to the `onShutdown` and end the session manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As the player does not notify listeners on the receiver app itself if the session will be stopped you need to add a listener to the `onShutdown` and end the session manually.
```

> For doing so you need to add following lines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to do so you need to add following lines:
```

```js
cast.receiver.CastReceiverManager.getInstance().onShutdown = () => {
  convivaAnalytics.endSession();
}
```

> If you are using the content metadata overriding feature you will have to add following line within the `CastMetadataListener` callback:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the content metadata overriding feature you will have to add the following line within the `CastMetadataListener` callback:
```

```js
convivaAnalytics.handleCastMetadataEvent(metadata);
```

This will ensure that all your content metadata attributes are also present in the session of the receiver app.

> It will also enable that you can use `updateContentMetadata` on the sender and it will be propagated to the receiver app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will also enable you to use `updateContentMetadata` on the sender and it will be propagated to the receiver app.
```
